added STARTTLS use case, close #8 (#34)
ietf-wg-dance/draft-dance-architecture: draft-ietf-dance-architecture.md

In the ideal implementation, client and server would bidirectionally authenticate, using DANE client certificates to bootstrap TLS transport security.

### SMTP, STARTTLS

SMTP has included the ability to upgrade in-protocol to TLS using the STARTTLS {{?RFC7817}} command.

> When doing so the certificate of the server is checked against what the client was expecting.

Author: ```suggestion
When upgrading the connection, the client checks the server certificate using the DNS-ID mechanisms described in {{RFC9525}}.
```
